# Introduction

Everything in this document is open for debate and definitely needs re-writing.


## Conventions and Terminology

The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", 
"SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be 
interpreted as described in BCP 14, RFC 2119 [](#RFC2119).

# The Data Items

## Container or Aggregate Data Item

The Container Data Item allows a DLEP extension to parenthesize a set
of data items, attaching some context to the subset of data items

The Container Data Item contains the following fields:

     0                   1                   2                   3
     0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1
    +-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
    | Data Item Type                | Length                        |
    +-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
    | Container Type                | Container Id Length           |
    +-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
    :               Container Id (variable length)                  :
    +-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
    :               DLEP Data Items (zero or more)                  :
    +-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
    
Data Item Type:
:    TBD - Allocated from IANA "DLEP Data Item Values" registry.

Length:
:    4 + Id Length + Sum of lengths of contained DLEP Data Items.

Container Type:
:    A value allocated from a new [IANA "DLEP Container Values" registry](#di_cont_vals). 

Container Id Length:
:    The Length of the Container Id field.

Container Id:
:    0 or more octets used by an extension to identify the container instance. 

DLEP Data Items:
:    0 or more DLEP Data Items, as defined in [](#I-D.ietf-manet-dlep).



# Security Considerations

I'm not sure there are any.

#  IANA Considerations

##  Registrations

Upon approval of this document, IANA is requested to create a new
protocol registry for Dynamic Link Exchange Protocol (DLEP). The remainder
of this section requests the creation of new DLEP specific registries.

##  DLEP Container Values Registration    {#di_cont_vals}

Upon approval of this document, IANA is requested to create a new DLEP
registry, named "Container Type Values".

The following table provides initial registry values and the 
[](#RFC5226) defined policies that should apply to the registry:

-----------------------------------------------------------
Type Code           Description/Policy
------------------- ---------------------------------------
0                   Reserved

1-65407             Specification Required

65408-65534         Private Use

65535               Reserved
-----------------------------------------------------------


